[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Welcome back.
Here's what's new in
DevTools and Chrome 67.
First up, in the
Network panel, you
can now search across
network headers.
When you've got the
Network panel open,
press Command-F or Control-F
to open the new search UI.
Enter some text, press
Enter, and DevTools searchers
across all network headers
and responses for that text.
Click Use Regular Expressions
to provide a pattern instead.
Note that you omit the forward
slashes when using regex.
Also new to the
Network panel, you
can now copy network requests
as fetch expressions.
The Sources panel now
supports a workflow
for breaking out
of infinite loops.
Here on this page, I've
got an interval logging
the current time.
When I click this
button, you can
see that it causes an infinite
loop because the time is
no longer updating.
To break out of
the infinite loop,
I pause the page, then hold
Resume, then select Stop.
The Styles pane is
getting a couple updates
that make it easier to
work with CSS variables.
When you've got a color property
that's set to a CSS variable,
the Styles pane now shows
you a preview of that color.
You can also hover
over any variable,
whether it resolves to a
color or something else,
and DevTools shows you
its computed value.
The color picker also has
a new CSS variables palette
which shows you the
CSS variables that
apply to that element.
The Audits panel has
some new workflows
for configuring and
viewing the ports,
as well as two new audits.
Before you run an audit, you
can use these new config options
to preserve desktop settings,
disable throttling, or preserve
storage.
After you run an audit,
you'll notice two new audits--
preloading key requests
and avoiding invisible text
while loading web fonts.
Last, if you want to analyze
your report in the Performance
panel, click the new
View Trace button.
Also new in the
Performance panel,
you can now click
the user timing track
to view your measurements
in the Summary, Call
Tree, and Bottom-Up tabs.
This is related to
work we're doing
around site isolation,
which improves security
by separating frames
into different processes.
So if you see a lot of frames
on your main thread flame chart,
it means you've got
site isolation enabled.
Likewise, you can click
any of these tracks
in order to isolate
that information, just
like the user timing track.
The Security panel now shows
you certificate transparency
information for each origin.
That's all for new features.
Here are some UI changes.
The Memory panel now lists
out all available VM instances
in a table rather than hiding
them behind a dropdown menu.
On the Sources panel,
what used to be called
the Network tab is now
called the Page tab.
And last, we've been
making various small tweaks
to the dark theme, so it should
feel a little less Halloweeny
now.
That's all for Chrome 67.
Here's a bonus tip.
Surma actually made a Micro
Tip video on this already,
but I think it's so cool that
it deserves another mention.
When you want to figure out
how an animation's layers work,
press Command-Shift-P
or Control-Shift-P
to open the command menu.
Open the Animations tab.
Click Set Speed to 10%.
Open the Command menu again.
Open the Layers panel.
And then rotate the
perspective a bit
so that it's easier
to see the layers.
Now when you interact
with the page,
you can see how the
layers animate in slow-mo.
Thanks for watching.
As always, leave me
a comment if you've
got questions or feedback.
Otherwise, I'll see you in
six weeks for Chrome 68.
[MUSIC PLAYING]